hey guys everythingapplepro here and
this is just going to be a quick update
video I want to let you guys know what's
going on right now in the jailbreak
unlock community of course the status on
the 5.1 untethered jailbreak iphone 4s
ipad 2 and 3 5.1 jailbreak and of course
about the unlock and future unlocks now
as many of you guys know Sam the new
unlock method which was very easy the
easiest unlock in my opinion so far it
was patched by Apple officially a few
days ago so that means am no longer
works now if you still are unlocked
using the same method it will continue
to work just make sure to backup your
activation ticket so you can reserve
your unlock for the future now for
anybody looking for an iOS 5.1 unlock
for a free unlock you won't find that
yet of course besides the AT&T method
which is to call AT&T and ask them to
unlock your iPhone I will be releasing a
tutorial on that soon but for everybody
else there is no free method there is of
course a gevey sim he does cost fifty to
sixty dollars depending on which one you
get but it is an unlock of course until
the real one comes out from the dev team
you guys will have to settle with the
AT&T or of course at gevey sim unlock
and for the 5.1 untethered jailbreak it
could take a month or two to release
depending on how much work goes into it
in a recent tweet pod2g let us know that
it could take about a month or two as
you see here he really doesn't know how
much work has to go into it and this is
for all devices so if you have an iPhone
4s or an ipad 2 or 3 this will work and
of course in a video I'm going to show
you guys right here in a video that was
released there is a jailbreak running on
the ipad 3 on firmware 5.1 you can find
a link to it down below in the
description and you can watch it there
but there is currently an ipad 3 5.1
untethered jailbreak that does work now
believe it or not you guys can actually
influence whether or not this jailbreak
is released for the iOS 5.1 firmware or
for the future i was 6 firmware and by
going to the pod to g blog i'll have a
link down below as well you can vote
whether or not you want to keep this
exploit for iOS 5.1 or of course save it
for iOS 6 and on the last note i just
wanted to say that the apple TV 3
ironically compared to the ipad 3 is
going to be much harder to jailbreak it
so for those of you that body in hopes
of jailbreaking installing xbox media
center or
the other plugins you will have to wait
a bit longer than ipad 3 owners but a
jailbreak will eventually come out and
lastly I did want to mention i am
building a new website and redesigning
my youtube channel it's a project I've
been working on for a while and I am
very excited about it once a new site is
up I will let you guys know about it it
will be a really nice site so of course
stay tuned for that ok and not some a
little update video to you guys so if
you would like to stay updated on the
latest jailbreaks and unlocks subscribe
to my channel leave a comment down below
telling me what you voted for on the
pole and I would appreciate it if you
liked and favor to this video it does
help a lot and ok so I do hope you like
this update video peace